c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\ParsingBLSData.exe.config
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\ParsingBLSData.exe
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\ParsingBLSData.pdb
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.dll
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.xml
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF4.xml
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.g.resources
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.exe
c:\users\matthias\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParsingBLSData\ParsingBLSData\obj\Debug\ParsingBLSData.pdb
